Documentation admin panel (#1492)
kartoza/sawps: docs/src/administrator/manual/django-change-data.md

# Django Admin Form

## Activity

![Django Admin Form](./img/django-change-data-4.png)

1. **Form fields**: Form where administrators can input values for their record.

2. **Delete button**: Delete currently opened record. It will take administrators to a confirmation page.

    ![Confirmation](./img/django-change-data-1.png)

    1. **Detail**: Details about the object.

>     2. **Yes, I'm sure**: Button for confirm deletion of the object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. **Yes, I'm sure**: Button for confirming the deletion of the object.
```

>     3. **No, take me back**: Button to cancel deletion of the object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. **No, take me back**: Button to cancel the deletion of the object.
```

3. **Save and add another**: Save current record, then redirect to a new page to add a new record.

4. **Save and continue editing**: Save current record while still showing current record.

5. **Save**: Save current record, then redirect to Django Admin Table/record list.

6. **History**: Button to see actions applied to current record.

    ![History](./img/django-change-data-2.png)

## Group

![Confirmation](./img/django-change-data-3.png)

Administrators can update the field of the object by changing the value of the fields. E.g. change the permissions of the group and update the description of the group.

> The other options(`History`, `Delete`, `Save and add another`, `Save and continue editing`, `Save`) work same as they are working for the other objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The other options (`History`, `Delete`, `Save and add another`, `Save and continue editing`, `Save`) work same for other objects as they do in this example.
```
